Review documentation (#162)
zopefoundation/RestrictedPython: docs/usage/framework_usage.rst

Those four methods return a named tuple (``CompileResult``) with four elements:

``code``
    ``<code>`` object or ``None`` if ``errors`` is not empty
``errors``
    a tuple with error messages
``warnings``
    a list with warnings
``used_names``
    a dictionary mapping collected used names to ``True``.

> This information can be used to provide the user with informations about the compiled source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These details can be used to inform the user about the compiled source code.
```
